Virtual reality techniques are helping Danish doctors diagnose heart defects in newborn babies.

 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online  file-sharing software companies are not liable for copyright  infringement.

NEW YORK  UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Tuesday raised doubts about Myanmar #39;s resolve to implement a road map for democracy and urged the nation #39;s military leaders to immediately release pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi. 

NEW YORK, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is taking steps toward restructuring at least some of its roughly  $20 billion of total debt in a bid to avoid bankruptcy, but it will face an uphill battle, ...

AP - Software vendor Lindows Inc. formally postponed its initial public offering Wednesday, citing adverse market conditions.

By S. SRINIVASAN    BITHOOR, India (AP) -- For 12-year-old Anju Sharma, hope for a better life arrives in her poor farming village three days a week on a bicycle rickshaw that carries a computer with a high-speed, wireless Internet connection...

A FORMER senior Defence Department bureaucrat last night backed her former colleague Michael Scrafton #39;s version of a phone call with John Howard over the children overboard affair. 

AFP - Two Chinese travelling salesmen have been gunned down in southern Thailand as part of separatist violence which has claimed more than 275 lives since the start of the year, officials said.

Clashes with separatists in the breakaway region of South Ossetia kill two Georgian soldiers.

AP - The  #36;10 million competition to send a private manned rocket into space started looking more like a race Thursday, when a Canadian team announced plans to launch its rocket three days after an American group intends to begin qualifying for the Ansari X prize.

NEW YORK, August 18 (New Ratings)  Crude oil prices reached new record high levels today, following the US Energy Department report regarding the expanded operations by the US refineries and increased gasoline demand for this year. 

 CHICAGO (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Monday that its chief operating officer is leaving the  company for another job, the latest setback for a company that  is trying to recover from sluggish sales and an accounting  probe.

AP - A short walk around the California campus this summer was all Geoff McArthur needed as proof of how much Golden Bears football has changed since his freshman year. A program that won only one game in 2001 and has the longest Rose Bowl drought of any Big Ten or Pac-10 team is finally getting noticed at a school more known for its protests than its passing.

Ann Livermore, executive vice president of HP's Technology Solutions Group, discussed the company's recent earnings report and talked about its hardware plans.

SYDNEY : Australian Prime Minister John Howard said he would not call a snap general election while opposition leader Mark Latham was ill as he wanted to beat him fair and square. 

&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; A chip on the shoulder?

Inspired by the magnificent surroundings of the Panathinaiko stadium and assisted by a gust of wind and a police siren, the British archer Alison Williamson ended her 12-year quest for an Olympic medal at the fourth attempt when she won bronze in the ...

SPACE.com - For those who want to explore Mars but cant wait for a spacecraft to take them there, NASA scientists have reformulated a website that lets the general public search data and images from previous missions.

AP - Cubans hit hard by hurricane Charley will receive  #36;50,000 in U.S. assistance, the State Department said Friday.

Seattle, WA, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- RealNetworks Inc., is taking on Apple Computer #39;s wildly successful iTunes Music Store with a half-price sale offering music downloads for 49 cents a song. 

Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympic medalists Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou quit the Athens Games, overshadowing the start of track and field events on the fifth day of competition. Venus Williams and Andy Roddick were eliminated from the tennis. 

Reuters - Most senior executives at large U.S. companies plan to increase hiring and investments over the next 12 months amid growing optimism about the economy, according to a survey by PricewaterhouseCoopers released on Thursday.

Waiting for the bus to the Markopoulos shooting range this afternoon, a question from a Chinese journalist rattled me.  quot;From India? How many medals have you won? quot; ...

In the SINGAPORE story headlined  quot;Oil hits new high on Iraq violence quot; please read in the 13th paragraph .... as its imports in the first seven ...

Talks to revive powersharing in Northern Ireland have entered a final 24-hour push as Britain and Ireland prepared to publish their painstakingly negotiated peace plans.

 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Global oil prices raced to fresh  highs on Friday with U.S. crude approaching  $49, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and unabated demand growth from  China and India.

USATODAY.com - Retail sales bounced back a bit in July, and new claims for jobless benefits fell last week, the government said Thursday, indicating the economy is improving from a midsummer slump.

Electronics giant develops new television technology to attack core business from a new angle.

Two years ago, IBM was ordered to produce the source code for its products, which Compuware identified as containing its pirated intellectual property. The code was missing. But lo and behold -- last week, they called and said they had it, quot; ...

ATHENS (Reuters) - Italy #39;s former world champion Ivano Brugnetti returned to the limelight to upstage favorite Jefferson Perez and win the Olympic men #39;s 20km race walk on Friday. 

BEIJING, Aug.18(Xinhuanet) -- NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has spied two new moons around the satellite-rich Saturn. 

During a press conference yesterday, Celtics director of basketball operations Danny Ainge answered his cell phone, turned to the audience of reporters, and said,  quot;Hold on, it's Gary Payton. quot; It was an obvious joke, but also wishful thinking.

Thunderbird is touting its new features, like RSS news and blog reader integration into its e-mail client. Users can scan and sort through hundreds of headlines.

SAN FRANCISCO - An assistant manager at a Costco store filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday accusing the retailer of not promoting her because she #39;s a woman. 

China #39;s biggest computer maker said it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure that comes amid reports it might buy IBM #39;s personal computer business.

Venus Williams and Chanda Rubin lose to Li Ting and Sun Tian Tian of China in the first round of the doubles tournament.

Google's estimated  $3bn flotation has been delayed by at least a day as the firm awaits regulatory approval.

Automaker dumps Everest procurement system to revert to older technologies.

PUNTA GORDA, Fla. (Reuters) - Rita Weston survived Hurricane Charley huddled under a mattress with her husband and mother in a mobile home she bought 35 years ago. But before the storm passed, the home was reduced to scrap wood and metal. 

Diane Swonk, for years one of the most visible executives at Bank One, said Thursday she #39;s resigning as its chief economist as of Sept. 30. 

Reuters - Australia's wheat farmers, fresh from battling the country's worst drought in a century, are now threatened by a plague of locusts which have already begun to hatch from a sprawling "nursery" in the country's outback.

LOS ANGELES - The state attorney general's office has concluded that Michael Jackson was not "manhandled" by sheriff's deputies who took him into custody last year on child molestation charges, CBS News reported Sunday.    The findings were contained in a three-page letter Martin A...

REDMOND, Washington Microsoft has delayed the automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional computer operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it. 

Reuters - Clothing retailer Talbots Inc. (TLB.N) on Wednesday posted a slight increase in quarterly profit, meeting its lowered forecast, as it sold more merchandise at full price and recorded a tax benefit.

AP - Colombia's government on Tuesday shrugged off warnings from Marxist rebels that a massive offensive is endangering the lives of dozens of hostages, including three Americans.

WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The latest corporate overhaul by Nortel Networks will shear the company of all its manufacturing operations and leave it with 70 percent fewer workers than it had four years ago. 

IT managers and contract specialists often fail to include important criteria in final tech deals, such as performance promises made by vendors during the request for proposals process, said negotiation experts at an IBM Share conference.

Italian newspapers claimed yesterday that the Blair family had been confined to their luxury Tuscan quarters following the discovery of a time bomb in a Sardinian resort close to the villa where Silvio Berlusconi regaled Tony and Cherie Blair with ...

In an effort to educate the nation's neediest children on nutrition, a new project uses the familiar medium of video games to broadcast its message. The Fantastic Food Challenge, a package of four computer games, is designed to teach people who get nutrition aid such as federal food stamps how to make better use of their food.

2003 was the first time plastic and other electronic payment methods beat out checks, according to a survey released yesterday by the Federal Reserve.

Rite Aid Corp. (RAD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the third-largest US drugstore chain, on Tuesday warned that if current sales trends continue its fiscal 2005 results would fall below expectations it gave in September.

Rafael Benitez would not have imagined a more troubled introduction to his debut Premiership season following Michael Owen #39;s shock transfer. NANTHA KUMAR examines the tough transition period at Liverpool.LIVERPOOL Football Club were not the only party ...

Company follows up on promise of "immediate management changes" after disappointing earnings report, CNET News.com has learned.

Forbes.com - China beckons stock investors with the lure of brisk economic growth. Yet a school of prominent China watchers, led by Morgan Stanley strategist  Andy Xie, warns that the domestic overheating could lead to a "hard landing" in sectors ranging from steel to real estate. The Chinese government, worried about that very thing, is trying to rein in the torrid expansion.

PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...

 SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian soldiers killed the head  of a guerrilla group fighting for Kashmir's merger with  Pakistan in a gunbattle on Thursday, hours before President  Abdul Kalam began a rare visit to the region, an official said.

A Jordanian who disappeared in Iraq two weeks ago and was believed to have been kidnapped has been freed and is in the custody of Iraqi police, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ali al-Ayed told reporters yesterday. 

KIBBUTZ TZUBA, Israel - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples - a huge cistern with 28 steps leading to an underground pool of water.    During an exclusive tour of the cave by The Associated Press, archaeologists presented wall carvings they said tell the story of the fiery New Testament preacher, as well as a stone they believe was used for ceremonial foot washing...

  From CNN  (which didn't permalink this article so no PageRank for you!):  "Baba Ganoush and Tabouli, the first cats cloned by chromatin transfer, tackle a cat toy in San Francisco Thursday. The technology was developed by Genetic Savings   Clone, a company that produces cat clones."  

Reuters - The mystery of what went wrong for the software industry in late June when sales stalled at more than 20 brand-name companies is not even close to being solved although the third quarter is nearly halfway over.

Frances AMF market watchdog slapped a one million euro fine on Jean-Marie Messier, the disgraced former chairman of Vivendi Universal , on Tuesday following allegations the media firm had published misleading financial information.

 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar traded near this week's  four-week lows against the euro and yen on Thursday ahead of  U.S. jobless claims and a key business survey that dealers  expect to provide further clues about the interest rate  outlook.

Raise prices. Ease production. For weeks ahead of this week #39;s OPEC meeting, hawks in the organization have been talking tough about the need to keep oil revenues high - and lowering output.

When the rule of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was reaffirmed in a landslide 58-42 percent victory on Sunday, the opposition who put the recall vote on the ballot was stunned. They obviously don #39;t spend much time in the nation #39;s poor neighborhoods. 

WASHINGTON : Bankrupt United Airlines has agreed to appoint an independent party to manage its employee pension funds prior to September 15 in an agreement with the US Labor Department. 

Who needs postcards? Use high-tech ways to stay in touch while you're traveling.

Ziff Davis - Microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 software programs that require tweaking in order to work with its most recent Windows update.

Reuters - Department store operator J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP.N) on Tuesday posted a second-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss, helped by inventory controls and strong department store sales.

By S. SRINIVASAN    BANGALORE, India (AP) -- India is rethinking its plan to send a man to the moon by 2015, as the mission would cost a lot of money and yield very little in return, the national space agency said Thursday...

One of our new categories in the APMF Sense of Place survey is for best Asian business city. After a couple of days, Singapore leads the pack, followed by Bangkok, Thailand and Hong Kong. Enter your vote and comments and make your views count. More new categories include best city for livability, and best tourism destinations.

NASA -- An unpiloted Russian cargo ship linked up the International Space Station this morning to deliver almost three tons of food, fuel, oxygen, water and supplies to the residents onboard.     The ISS Progress 15 craft automatically docked to the aft port of the Zvezda Service Module at 12:01 a.m...

Microsoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.

washingtonpost.com - Before me lies the patient, a Gateway computer running Windows 98. It is suffering from extremely clogged Internet arteries, unable to reach the Web. As one of The Washington Post's digital doctors, my task is to nurse the machine back to health so my colleague Kathleen Day can access her e-mail and file stories from home.

PRESENTACION, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine communist rebels freed Wednesday two soldiers they had held as  quot;prisoners of war quot; for more than five months, saying they wanted to rebuild confidence in peace talks with the government. 

 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Misconduct in the U.S. mutual fund  industry is not limited to fund share trading; it's not even  limited to funds, say market regulators.

By ALEX DOMINGUEZ    BALTIMORE (AP) -- A dozen blind students from across the United States are at a summer camp this week working on a project most don't associate with the visually impaired - launching a NASA rocket.    The students are designing and preparing the rocket's payload at the National Federation of the Blind's Jernigan Institute in Baltimore...

Wanted man Andy Reid did his market value no harm by grabbing his first Republic of Ireland goal against Bulgaria at Lansdowne Road tonight. 

 ATHENS (Reuters) - Told to avoid inflaming anti-American  sentiment, U.S. athletes may have toned down the bravado too  much in the early days of the Athens Games.

In 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. It's about to get far creepier

AP - Alex Bogomolov Jr., ranked 110th, was among eight young American men given U.S. Open wild cards Thursday.

Wal-Mart sees August same-store revenues up 2 to 4. How should investors view this statistical range?

Crude oil prices reached a record high of  $47.04 (US) a barrel in pre-market trading Wednesday in New York on lingering concerns about supply from Iraq and Russia. 

Australian financial services group AMP Ltd. on Wednesday reported a return to profit in the first half of the year after cutting loose its loss-making British insurance operations. 

 ATHENS (Reuters) - Daniela Sofronie displayed all her  athleticism to edge Romania ahead of the United States in the  Olympic women's gymnastics team qualifying Sunday.

When it comes to forests, air pollution is not an equal opportunity hazard. While dirty air spreads across large areas of the New England region, it's more scattered in the southeastern part of the United States. (University of Wisconsin-Madison press release)

The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported Tuesday.

Militia fighters loyal to the radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr today continued to battle US soldiers in Najaf, hours after a delegation from Iraq #39;s national conference had left the city empty-handed when its truce offer was turned down. 

AP - A new deep-sea research vessel will be able to carry people to 99 percent of the ocean floor, diving deeper than the famed Alvin that pioneered the study of seafloor vents, plate tectonics and deep ocean creatures over the past 40 years.

By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Men with prostate cancer that doesn't appear to have spread have better survival chances when they get short-term hormone treatment along with standard radiation, rather than radiation alone, a small study found.    Almost five years after treatment, six men in the radiation-only study group died of prostate cancer; none of the men who got combined treatment died of prostate cancer...

THE guy exudes an aura of sure-fire confidence - the confidence that is based on his burning desire to excel. Shaikh Ahmed Mohammed Hasher Al Maktoum expects to be successful - and he invariably is. 

SASEBO, Japan -- On a cloudless afternoon in this sleepy port city, an 11-year-old girl drenched in blood and clutching a box cutter walked into the lunchroom at her elementary school. Teachers and students froze, assuming the sixth-grader known for her lighthearted nature had gravely hurt herself -- but she quickly dispelled that impression, witnesses said, by uttering a few ...

CHARLOTTE, NC Aug. 20, 2004  Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry came to the heart of a conservative state hit hard by job losses over the past four years to tout his plan for curbing the export of jobs by cutting corporate taxes and enforcing ...

AFP - Malaysian emergency services rushed to the tightly-guarded US embassy in Kuala Lumpur after a powder which police said could be anthrax was found in a letter.

A bird species new to science is found by researchers on a remote island in the Philippines.

Two of the Bush administration #39;s chief architects of the war on terror offered words of caution along with congratulations on Tuesday, a historic day for this one-time al-Qaida haven.

 NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical cleric prepared to hand  control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq  to religious authorities on Friday, but still rejected demands  by the interim prime minister to disband his militia.

In a move likely to step up the digital music dispute between RealNetworks Inc. and Apple Computer Inc., Real slashed prices at its online music store on Tuesday, offering songs and albums for a limited time at nearly half of what Apple charges at its ...

WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s monopoly pay television operator Sky Network Television Ltd. (SKY.NZ) said Thursday it is in merger talks with its majority shareholder Independent Newspapers Ltd. (INL.NZ). 

Georgia Power and Savannah Electric will not have to pay for new research into energy-efficiency programs, the state Public Service Commission ruled Tuesday. 

Reuters - Iraq's oil exports are still flowing at one million barrels per day through southern terminals despite an attack on the South Oil Company headquarters on Thursday, an oil official at the company said.